If they show up and we're gone,
my family's dead.
My life puts everyone
I love in danger.
My instructions were
to find your brother.
Well, in that case, my phone's not gonna
do you any good. I just wiped it.
Do you think it's possible
Mr. Robot is the reason
why you can't remember?
You didn't exist
when I was a kid...
Did you?
Do not do this to him!
He's not supposed to know!
Why were you afraid
of your father?
Were you afraid he was going
to ask you to do something
you didn't want to do?
Yes.
This was our runaway hideout
He always came here.
Remember, somehow we ended up
at the Queens Museum instead?
When you're eight,
running away can be fun.
Twenty, 19...
...eighteen,
seventeen,
sixteen,
fifteen,
fourteen...
...thirteen,
twelve, eleven, ten.
What?
Who cares what I'm doing?
It's none of your business.
Don't worry about it.
I gotta do this.
It's gonna help us.
Just trust me.
Ready or not!
Prepare to die!
Angela's not gonna find us here.
Just give me a sec.
I heard that.
You suck at this game.
I see you, butthead.
I killed him.
Okay, Elliot,
we need to call the police.
His phone's ringing.
Oh, God. The others
are coming back.
Did you hear me? We're not safe
in this place anymore.
Elliot, you gotta
listen to me.
Listen to me. You gotta
listen to me, Elliot. We have to go.
Elliot, we have to go.
We have to leave, Elliot.
Elliot?
Elliot, look at me.
Elliot. Elliot.
Elliot.
Elliot!
Yo. Make it plain.
Yo, he's not picking up, bro.
And I gotta fucking piss.
Man, I told you hit the Arby's
up around the way, bro.
I'm not sitting on no dirty-ass
toilet seat, bro.
You know they be getting
hep C up they ass
and they pores and shit
sitting on that toilet, bro.
Man, I'm going
inside, bro.
Yo. Yo.
Boss told us
stay till he done, son.
Oh. I'm gonna be quiet.
Yo, you don't wanna know
what's going on up there?
Come on, bro.
That was some cliffhanger shit
they left us on.
Yeah, man.
Come on.
Yo, Arby's
be delicious, though.
Got that 5 for $5.
Shit's the fiscally
responsible menu.
Man, I don't
care about fiscally.
When it come to food,
I'm treating myself. Period.
Yo, you ever had
Momofuku?
Nah, son.
Yeah, you probably
can't afford that.
I ain't never
had no Fuku, bro.
I don't even know
what that shit mean.
You know what
that shit mean?
What the fuck?
- Oh, shit, bro!
- What the fuck? What the fuck?
What the...
What are you
doing, dummy?
Grab his wallet,
let's go.
Fuck.
Okay, come on, Elliot.
We're gonna just
get in this taxi.
It's gonna be
just fine.
Thank you, just hold it.
Come on, let's go.
We gotta go. We gotta go.
It's okay, I got you.
There you go.
All right.
... Cares Program
helps ensure families in need...
- Okay.
- ...receive much-needed assistance...
Take us to
the nearest police station, please.
The nearest
police station.
From everyone here at the E Corp family
to you and yours, we're wishing you
a happy holiday season.
Slapjack!
Nuh-uh, my hand
was there first.
Doesn't matter.
I called it first, doofus.
Don't call me
doofus, dingus.
All right, all right, official ruling.
You each get half the cards.
But Aunt Trudie...
No buts.
I am the referee.
That's not fair.
Well, that's the way it's gotta be.
We're splitting the baby.
You can split
my dick hole!
Thomas Alan DiPierro,
you apologize this instant.
- But, Mom.
- Now, young man. Or I'm taking your iPad.
Sorry, Aunt Trudie.
Now you go take a time-out
in the living room
and think about
what you said.
Stupid idiot. Think you can
tell me what to do.
What was that,
young man?
Nothing.
I'm so embarrassed. I don't know
where he got that language from.
His father.
Probably letting him watch SummerSlam
again, the son of a bitch.
- Momma?
- Not now, Tommy.
- Momma!
- I said not now, Tommy!
Momma! Momma!
Did you know that cities
were created by lightning?
It's true.
I heard it on a podcast.
Villages used to be
made of organic materials.
Mostly mud and sticks.
Then one night
about 12,000 years ago,
a bolt of lightning
hit a chunk of limestone,
which formed a powder
that we now know as...
Anyone?
Cement?
Very smart, Darlene.
You're absolutely right.
Just think what a different
world it would be
if that lightning had struck
a tree or a puppy instead.
This remarkable city you see
before you would be nothing
but sticks and leaves
and puppy shit.
But the lightning hit stone,
and the people of Turkey
awoke to find that they were
in the cradle of modern civilization.
All from one perfect moment
of violent convergence.
Isn't it wonderful?
Destruction can be
so productive.
Her phone is useless.
There's nothing here.
She wiped it clean.
I had hoped
for better news.
I told you, you were
wasting your time.
Looks like you're just going to have
to restore your phone for us yourself.
Eat shit.
Then die.
A nasty mouth on this one.
She doesn't know anything.
And even if she did,
she wouldn't give her brother up.
Trust me.
Well, I wish I could, Dominique.
But you failed me, remember?
Of course, I always held out
hope that you would
rise to the occasion
when the time came.
But in the back of my mind,
I always knew you'd never be
able to see it through.
Why, because
I'm not a murderer?
You work for the federal government
of the United States of America.
What, are you
trying to be funny?
No, what I meant was, is we all know
how much you care about Darlene.
What the hell
are you talking about?
Well, you know,
Ms. Alderson's
interrogation video?
The one you
pleasure yourself to
in private.
I mean, all that
excess energy may be
the reason you can't
get any sleep, Dominique.
But, in any case,
it's pretty strong evidence
of your affection for Ms. Alderson,
wouldn't you say?
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Did she not know?
Ah...
That is
embarrassing,
um, I apologize.
But,
while we're at it,
what did happen
between the two of you?
I mean,
it just all seemed quite dramatic.
We fucked.
End of story.
Mmm...
Come on, now.
I have a feeling there's a lot more
to this relationship than just that.
Just sex.
Sorry to disappoint you.
I don't believe you,
so no worries there.
Disappointment averted.
Look, cunt stick,
I don't know what
you're driving at,
but there is no way I'm giving up
my brother.
So, whatever
you're gonna do to me,
you might as well
make it fast.
Okay.
No, no, no.
- Dom.
- I wouldn't take it out if I were you.
Dom!
I am not a doctor, but I am
99% sure I punctured a lung.
Yeah, that wheezing sound is her chest
cavity filling up with air,
slowly compressing
her lung.
If you pull it out now,
it'll just supercharge the process.
She's got about 15 minutes before
she goes into full cardiac arrest
or drowns in her own blood.
Maybe longer, since Dominique's
such a fighter.
What was the fucking point?
She has nothing to do with this.
You said you would never give up your brother.
I simply thought this would be
the most expeditious way
to break our stalemate.
You give us what we want,
we'll get Dominique
the care she so urgently needs.
Or she'll die here, and I'll just have
to get it out of you some other way.
Does that make sense?
Elliot, you have
to come in with me.
I can't do this.
- I can't do it.
- Okay.
Okay.
What do people do?
People like me, when they find out
about something like this?
What can they do?
They just try
to keep going.
I should have fought him.
If I would've...
If I would've fought him,
maybe he would have stopped.
Look at me.
You were just a child.
It wasn't up to you.
I wanna go back
to forgetting.
You never did forget.
You may not realize it now, but you've
been struggling with this for years.
The itch in the back
of your mind,
the one you can't scratch?
It was always there.
You just didn't know
what it was.
But now you do.
He made me feel special.
You are special.
And what he did, it's not gonna take
that away from you.
You will
survive this, Elliot.
Call you tomorrow. Okay?
No. No, I'm sorry. I'm sorry
I got you involved in any of this.
You don't have to
take care of me anymore.
I'd like to see
you again.
You shouldn't go
through this alone.
I know.
Promise me
you'll take care of yourself.
Where are
we going?
You sick fuck.
She needs help.
She is dying over there.
Oh, I'm aware.
I want nothing more
than to get her to
our medical team and have her
stitched up ASAP.
Bullshit.
Even if I gave you Elliot's location,
you would just let her die.
That couldn't be
further from the truth.
I'm not saying it's been
all blue skies with Dominique,
but most of our moles have
some growing pains at first.
And she is honest, loyal,
and she loves her family,
all of which are qualities
that make her easy to control.
No, Dominique has pluck.
Losing her is
the last thing I want.
Don't do it.
Don't tell her anything.
See, I knew you two
shared a special connection.
Even now, I can sense it.
It's like a kind of
phantom electricity.
I wonder, did Dominique ever
introduce you to her mother?
Can't say she did.
Oh, that's too bad.
Trudie is my favorite.
You know, at first, I thought our
relationship would be purely tactical.
Isolate the mark, ingratiate yourself,
find a pain point, you know, the usual.
But then I got to know her,
and she's just so lovely and kind.
Every other word out of her mouth
was about you, Dominique.
She is so desperate
for you to find someone
that she even looked to me
as a potential match.
Can you imagine that?
I was so flattered.
You really have to admire a mother
who cares so much about her daughter's
happiness that she's willing
to ignore certain red flags.
Like what? The fact that
you're fucking insane?
Mmm...
You know,
when I was in high school,
and my parents discovered my profound
interest in taxidermy,
they had similar concerns.
So, they had me undergo
a series of tests.
But the results
were always underwhelming.
No signs of
personality disorder.
No unusual thought processes.
All the doctors arrived
at the same conclusion.
That I'm remarkably normal.
You wouldn't be fucking
doing this if you were normal.
- She can't breathe over there.
- Because of you.
Let's remember that.
I see this is causing
you a lot of grief.
I didn't want that.
I honestly thought
we would've moved on by now.
Let me continue
to help you.
What are you doing?
I'm making a phone call to
our surveillance team outside
your mother's house.
Why?
Because I'm going to start
killing your family members.
Janice, please, don't.
There are 13 of them.
Janice!
Four children.
Eight adults.
And Trudie.
Don't! They're innocent.
Janice, please.
I wonder, how many of them
have to die before you buckle?
Please, Janice,
don't. Please!
Do not do this.
Please, don't!
Stop!
Stop.
Hand me my phone.
I'll give you
my brother's location.
I'll do whatever you want.
Just don't hurt them.
Now look who has pluck.
Why did you bring me here?
I don't get it.
What are you trying to say?
That I couldn't
stand up to him?
That I ran away
here instead?
I'm sorry I let him
do those things to you.
I'm sorry
I didn't fight back.
I didn't protect you.
I'm sorry
I am so fucking sorry!
I'm sorry, okay?
That isn't why
I brought you here.
The sign.
It used to be over there.
Can you help me?
This is the key
to my old bedroom.
Why would I hide it here?
It was Dad's key
to our room.
We took it from him
so we could lock him out.
We thought that
if he didn't have his key...
He wouldn't be able to come in
and hurt us anymore?
That's right.
We hid the key so the monster
couldn't get to us.
Don't you see?
You're wrong.
This wasn't running
away from him.
I was fighting back.
Location checks out.
Alderson's phone was here,
but he's gone.
Well, then where is he?
We're not sure yet.
There's a dead body,
but it's not him.
Thank you.
He wasn't there, Darlene.
That doesn't make any sense.
You're right,
it doesn't.
I gave you access
to his location.
We tracked him on my phone.
You saw it for yourself.
You're gonna have to find
another way.
There is no other way.
If he wasn't there,
I don't know what to say. I mean...
Look, my brother
doesn't tell me anything.
Okay? If he's not with
his phone, it's because
either something happened to him or
he doesn't want me to know where he is.
- You're lying.
- Are you serious? I'm not lying.
Yes, you are.
You are a filthy, lying liar.
Oh, my God.
She doesn't know.
She doesn't know
where her brother is.
She's telling the truth.
Trust me, I know what it looks like
when she's lying.
This isn't it.
It's a dead end.
You know,
maybe you're right.
Like my mother
used to say,
"You can't juice the orange
when there's only the rind left."
Give me my phone.
What are you doing?
I'm gonna have my men
gut Trudie like a trout.
What? Why?
Only way to confirm
or deny her statement.
No! I gave you my brother's location.
I did what you wanted me to do.
Mmm, correction. You gave me
his phone's location. Not his location.
No, think about it, Janice.
My family's all you've got.
If you kill them now...
Then I'll have nothing left
to hang over your head.
- No.
- I know.
Looks like we both have
a lot riding on this, Dominique.
You know, in poker, they would
call this an all-in move.
You fucking moron. You are doing this
for no reason. I don't know where he is.
And I'm calling your bluff.
Please, Janice. Please.
We can work something out. Please.
I'm sorry, Dominique.
I held off as long as I could.
No answer.
What?
Your men.
Not answering?
And why exactly would you be
asking me that?
Probably wanna ask him.
Him? Who's him?
Check my phone. He's probably
been trying to call me.
Dom, love. I've been
waiting for your call.
Hello?
Sorry for the delay,
but your plan worked.
The license plates
you gave me checked out.
Don't worry,
everything's grand.
I've got your family, and we're
on our way to the safe house.
Who's this?
Who the fuck is this?
I asked you first.
This is Deegan.
Who's this?
This is Janice.
Oh, yeah.
The Dark Army lass.
Listen, tell Dom
thanks for the technicality.
We're square now,
et cetera, et cetera.
Oh, and I'm really sorry
about your boys.
What do you mean?
What boys?
The fellas guarding
Dom's mum's house.
I had to give 'em a bit of
the holy show back there.
There weren't no other way.
What? Speak English.
I fucking killed 'em, dear.
Shot 'em in the brains.
With me gun.
Don't worry, though,
they died with dignity.
Well, a few of 'em
mighta shat themselves,
but I believe that's what the Frenchies
call de rigeur, innit?
Mr. Deegan, I don't think
you've taken into account
the primal forces
you are meddling with here.
If you proceed down this path,
I will use every means
at my disposal to
make sure that you never...
Yeah, yeah.
I heard it all before.
Take a number,
et cetera and so forth.
Now, you have yourself
a merry little Christmas.
Ta-ta for now, ya flange!
You're okay.
- We gotta get you up.
- Give me the phone.
10-13, officer needs
immediate assistance.
202 West 20th Street,
Apartment 16B.
Go.
What?
You can't be here
when they arrive.
No, I am not leaving you like this.
I don't give a shit if they arrest me...
Don't be stupid.
This is all my fault.
I did this to you.
You wanna help me?
Go find Elliot,
and take them down.
Hey, kiddo.
Sorry for the time-out.
We're almost good to go.
Darlene's got everything we need
to grab the Deus Group phone numbers.
And intercept
the two FA codes.
I'm working on a script
to transfer all the money.
But we don't have long,
the meeting's in an hour.
That's not why
you let me back in, is it?
You wanna talk about it?
Mind if I talk, then?
The only reason I'm here
is to make sure
no one ever hurts you.
That was supposed to be
your father's job, but he failed.
He was too weak.
But you.
You were strong.
You fought back
the only way you could.
You brought me here
to protect you
from him.
I tried to keep you safe.
Only show you the memories when the two
of you were friends before...
I thought I could
store the truth,
so you'd never have to see it.
Or feel it.
Fact is,
I didn't wanna
see it either.
I made a terrible mistake.
I was afraid.
Afraid of what this
would do to you.
To us.
This was never
my secret to keep.
And you deserved better than to live
in darkness for so long.
I'm so sorry.
I failed you, too.
I understand
if you can't forgive me,
or if you decide
to shut me out for good.
Just as long as you know
I am not your father.
I never was.
I know.
You're nothing like him.
That's why I created you.
You're the father I needed,
not the father I had.
If I could have
stopped him,
if I could go back in time,
change everything
that happened to you,
just make it all go away.
Then I wouldn't be me.
And I wouldn't have you.
I don't know if I can go through
with the hack anymore.
I don't know
if I can do anything.
I can't do it.
I'm sorry.